The letter “W” is by far the WORST letter in the alphabet.  This letter is so bad because instead of having 1 syllable, it has 3.  Saying "WWW" takes longer than saying "World Wide Web".  Why does a letter need that many syllables?  How greedy can a letter be?  I honestly think that “W” is worse than the devil, not just because it has more syllables than "devil", but because it's also one of the fattest words in the alphabet. “W” is literally twice as fat as every other letter in the alphabet besides “M”.  Because the letter “W” is fatter, that means it's harder to fit into papers.  This letter has to be the greediest letter out there.  My proposition is that we either replace it with 2 Us or change its name to something like "u2", "2u", or maybe something one syllable like "wee" or "wuh".

The second worst letter is “C”.  Don't even get me started with the letter “C”, the 2 letters “K” and “C” have the SAME sound all “C” is only used to make a “CH”, “S”, or “K” sound.  If we were to get rid of “C” I don't think that people would care that much because “K” basically replaces it, and sure it might make the alphabet song sound weird at first, but over time people will adjust to the new alphabet.  I also think that having “KH” should make a “CH” sound, and words like “CyCle” should replace the “C”s with a “K” and look like “KyKle” and the “K”s should make an “S” sound.  Also, the letter “C” basically is useless because it requires another letter to function.  So why do we need “C” when can just use S or K instead?  Another way we can fix this is by replacing the “C” that makes an “S” sound with an “S” and the “CH” sound with a “KH”.

The third worst letter in the alphabet is the letter “Q”.  First of all “Q” is one of the least common letters in the alphabet.  Also second, “Q” needs the letter “U” in order to work.  The only time that “Q” is without “U” is in names.  This proves that we can just replace it with another letter.  We can either replace “Q” with either a “U” or maybe even with my favorite letter “K”.  Words that don't have a “U” after the “Q” would be a little harder to fix.  For the last name “Qin”  in order to fix it, we would need to have some indication to make the “Q” sound that doesn't interfere with any other word like “U” with “I”.  So I think that Q should be replaced with the letter “U” because “Q” doesn't appear often, and I think that “U” is the perfect substitute
